.rn '' }`
''' $RCSfile$$Revision$$Date$
'''
''' $Log$
''' Revision 1.1  2000-04-26 19:07:12  hochstrb
''' Initial revision
'''
'''
.de Sh
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.de Vb
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve
.ft R

.fi
..
'''
'''
'''     Set up \*(-- to give an unbreakable dash;
'''     string Tr holds user defined translation string.
'''     Bell System Logo is used as a dummy character.
'''
.tr \(*W-|\(bv\*(Tr
.ie n \{\
.ds -- \(*W-
.ds PI pi
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\" diablo 12 pitch
.ds L" ""
.ds R" ""
.ds L' '
.ds R' '
'br\}
.el\{\
.ds -- \(em\|
.tr \*(Tr
.ds L" ``
.ds R" ''
.ds L' `
.ds R' '
.ds PI \(*p
'br\}
.\"	If the F register is turned on, we'll generate
.\"	index entries out stderr for the following things:
.\"		TH	Title 
.\"		SH	Header
.\"		Sh	Subsection 
.\"		Ip	Item
.\"		X<>	Xref  (embedded
.\"	Of course, you have to process the output yourself
.\"	in some meaninful fashion.
.if \nF \{
.de IX
.tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.nr % 0
.rr F
.\}
.TH SHOW_COMICS 1 "netcomics-0.12" "26/Apr/100" "Web Utilities"
.IX Title "SHOW_COMICS 1"
.UC
.IX Name "show_comics - Show comics, distributed over a time interval"
.if n .hy 0
.if n .na
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.de CQ          \" put $1 in typewriter font
.ft CW
'if n "\c
'if t \\&\\$1\c
'if n \\&\\$1\c
'if n \&"
\\&\\$2 \\$3 \\$4 \\$5 \\$6 \\$7
'.ft R
..
.\" @(#)ms.acc 1.5 88/02/08 SMI; from UCB 4.2
.	\" AM - accent mark definitions
.bd B 3
.	\" fudge factors for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds #H 0
.	ds #V .8m
.	ds #F .3m
.	ds #[ \f1
.	ds #] \fP
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds #H ((1u-(\\\\n(.fu%2u))*.13m)
.	ds #V .6m
.	ds #F 0
.	ds #[ \&
.	ds #] \&
.\}
.	\" simple accents for nroff and troff
.if n \{\
.	ds ' \&
.	ds ` \&
.	ds ^ \&
.	ds , \&
.	ds ~ ~
.	ds ? ?
.	ds ! !
.	ds /
.	ds q
.\}
.if t \{\
.	ds ' \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\'\h"|\\n:u"
.	ds ` \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\`\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'^\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds , \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)',\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu-\*(#H-.1m)'~\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds ? \s-2c\h'-\w'c'u*7/10'\u\h'\*(#H'\zi\d\s+2\h'\w'c'u*8/10'
.	ds ! \s-2\(or\s+2\h'-\w'\(or'u'\v'-.8m'.\v'.8m'
.	ds / \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H)'\z\(sl\h'|\\n:u'
.	ds q o\h'-\w'o'u*8/10'\s-4\v'.4m'\z\(*i\v'-.4m'\s+4\h'\w'o'u*8/10'
.\}
.	\" troff and (daisy-wheel) nroff accents
.ds : \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10-\*(#H+.1m+\*(#F)'\v'-\*(#V'\z.\h'.2m+\*(#F'.\h'|\\n:u'\v'\*(#V'
.ds 8 \h'\*(#H'\(*b\h'-\*(#H'
.ds v \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\v'-\*(#V'\*(#[\s-4v\s0\v'\*(#V'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds _ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H+(\*(#F*2/3))'\v'-.4m'\z\(hy\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds . \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*8/10)'\v'\*(#V*4/10'\z.\v'-\*(#V*4/10'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds 3 \*(#[\v'.2m'\s-2\&3\s0\v'-.2m'\*(#]
.ds o \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu+\w'\(de'u-\*(#H)/2u'\v'-.3n'\*(#[\z\(de\v'.3n'\h'|\\n:u'\*(#]
.ds d- \h'\*(#H'\(pd\h'-\w'~'u'\v'-.25m'\f2\(hy\fP\v'.25m'\h'-\*(#H'
.ds D- D\\k:\h'-\w'D'u'\v'-.11m'\z\(hy\v'.11m'\h'|\\n:u'
.ds th \*(#[\v'.3m'\s+1I\s-1\v'-.3m'\h'-(\w'I'u*2/3)'\s-1o\s+1\*(#]
.ds Th \*(#[\s+2I\s-2\h'-\w'I'u*3/5'\v'-.3m'o\v'.3m'\*(#]
.ds ae a\h'-(\w'a'u*4/10)'e
.ds Ae A\h'-(\w'A'u*4/10)'E
.ds oe o\h'-(\w'o'u*4/10)'e
.ds Oe O\h'-(\w'O'u*4/10)'E
.	\" corrections for vroff
.if v .ds ~ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*9/10-\*(#H)'\s-2\u~\d\s+2\h'|\\n:u'
.if v .ds ^ \\k:\h'-(\\n(.wu*10/11-\*(#H)'\v'-.4m'^\v'.4m'\h'|\\n:u'
.	\" for low resolution devices (crt and lpr)
.if \n(.H>23 .if \n(.V>19 \
\{\
.	ds : e
.	ds 8 ss
.	ds v \h'-1'\o'\(aa\(ga'
.	ds _ \h'-1'^
.	ds . \h'-1'.
.	ds 3 3
.	ds o a
.	ds d- d\h'-1'\(ga
.	ds D- D\h'-1'\(hy
.	ds th \o'bp'
.	ds Th \o'LP'
.	ds ae ae
.	ds Ae AE
.	ds oe oe
.	ds Oe OE
.\}
.rm #[ #] #H #V #F C
.SH "NAME"
.IX Header "NAME"
show_comics \- Show comics, distributed over a time interval
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
\fBshow_netcomics\fR [\fB\-c\fR \fIcmd\fR] [\fB\-d\fR \fIdir\fR] [\fB\-f\fR \fIrcfile\fR] [\fB\-l\fR|\fB\-t\fR \fIhh:mm\fR] [\fB\-p\fR [cmd]] [\fB\-k\fR \fIlockfile\fR|\fB\-K\fR] [\fB\-s\fR <hh:mm>]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
show_comics is used to display comics downloaded by netcomics.  It
first pops up a window to ask you what time you plan on leaving (in 24
hour time).  Using the time you entered, it will evenly distribute the
comics to be displayed from the time the script is run to the time you
specified you will leave.
.PP
Specify the comics you want to have displayed in a file called
~/.comics.  You may specify an alternate file on the command line.  If no
file exists, all comics will be displayed (all files that end 
with .gif, .jpg, or .jpeg in the directory).
.PP
If you don't have perlTk installed, use \fB\-l\fR to specify the time and to make
show_comics not try to pop up a window.
.PP
In a UNIX environment, you can utilize the lockfile mechanism to run
show_comics from many different places an not have to worry about
checking to make sure it is already running. For example, you can run
show_comics from your .xinitrc or .xsession as well as from a
crontab. If netcomics is run in the morning, say at 7:00 by a crontab,
then you could run show_comics from a cron job at 7:30, assuming
netcomics will take no more than 1/2 hour. Then, in your .xinitrc
file, you could also run show_comics if the time is greater than 7:30
(see \fB\-s\fR). Therefore, if you have logged into your computer before
7:30, show_comics won't run from your .xinitrc file, but once 7:30 has
come around, it will be run by your cron job. If you log into your
computer after 7:30, then show_comics will fail to run at 7:30
(assuming the program show_comics uses to check to see if the display
is available failed), and then show_comics will be run by your
.xinitrc file. 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.Ip "\fB\-c\fR \fIcommand\fR" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-c\fR \fIcommand\fR"
Use the specified command to display each comic instead of the default: 
\*(L"nice \-19 xv\*(R".
.Ip "\fB\-d\fR \fIdir\fR" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-d\fR \fIdir\fR"
Use the specified location of the comics to be displayed instead of using
the default directory: /home/benh/www/comics.
.Ip "\fB\-f\fR \fIfilename\fR" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-f\fR \fIfilename\fR"
Use the specified file instead of ~/.comics for the list of comics to
be displayed
.Ip "\fB\-k\fR \fIfilename\fR" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-k\fR \fIfilename\fR"
Specify the lock file's name.  Default is ~/.show_comics_lock.
.Ip "\fB\-l\fR \fIhh:mm\fR" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-l\fR \fIhh:mm\fR"
Don't pop up a window and use the specified time as the time to leave.
.Ip "\fB\-p\fR [\fIcmd\fR]" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-p\fR [\fIcmd\fR]"
Check to make sure the display is available and if not, quit. Optional
argument is the name of the program to use.  A non-zero return code
from this program indicates a failure to open the display. The default
program used is xdpyinfo.
.Ip "\fB\-s\fR \fIhh:mm\fR" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-s\fR \fIhh:mm\fR"
Specify a time that if show_comics is run before during the day, it will just 
exit.
.Ip "\fB\-t\fR \fIhh:mm\fR" 4
.IX Item "\fB\-t\fR \fIhh:mm\fR"
Specify the default time to be put in the pop-up window.
.Ip "\fB\-v\fR   Output verbose messages." 4
.IX Item "\fB\-v\fR   Output verbose messages."
.SH "FILES"
.IX Header "FILES"
.Ip "~/.comics" 33
.IX Item "~/.comics"
Contains the a list of comics you want displayed, one per line.
.Ip "/home/benh/www/comics" 33
.IX Item "/home/benh/www/comics"
Default directory where comics and the web page are placed by netcomics.
.Ip "~/.show_comics_lock" 33
.IX Item "~/.show_comics_lock"
Default lock file used to make sure only one instance of show_comics is run
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
\fInetcomics\fR\|(1)
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Ben Hochstedler <hochstrb@cs.rose-hulman.edu>
ICQ: \fB15469308\fR AIM: \fBhochstrb\fR

.rn }` ''
