=head1 NAME

show_comics - Show comics, distributed over a time interval

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<show_netcomics> [B<-c> I<cmd>] [B<-d> I<dir>] [B<-f> I<rcfile>] [B<-l>|B<-t> I<hh:mm>] [B<-p> [cmd]] [B<-D> I<cmd>] [B<-k> I<lockfile>|B<-K>] [B<-s> <hh:mm>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

show_comics is used to display comics downloaded by netcomics.  It
first pops up a window to ask you what time you plan on leaving (in 24
hour time).  Using the time you entered, it will evenly distribute the
comics to be displayed from the time the script is run to the time you
specified you will leave.

Specify the comics you want to have displayed in a file called
~/.comics.  You may specify an alternate file on the command line.  If no
file exists, all comics will be displayed (all files that end 
with .gif, .jpg, or .jpeg in the directory).

If you don't have perlTk installed, use B<-l> to specify the time and to make
show_comics not try to pop up a window.

Use the B<-w> option to have show_comics sleep until the specified
allowed start time.  This is useful for having it wait until your
netcomics cronjob will have most likely have finished so that it
doesn't try to display yesterday's comics.  If it does wait, it will
go ahead and first ask for the time you're going to leave.

In a UNIX environment, you can utilize the lockfile mechanism to run
show_comics from many different places an not have to worry about
checking to make sure it is already running. For example, you can run
show_comics from your .xinitrc or .xsession as well as from a
crontab. If netcomics is run in the morning, say at 7:00 by a crontab,
then you could run show_comics from a cron job at 7:30, assuming
netcomics will take no more than 1/2 hour. Then, in your .xinitrc
file, you could also run show_comics if the time is greater than 7:30
(see B<-s>). Therefore, if you have logged into your computer before
7:30, show_comics won't run from your .xinitrc file, but once 7:30 has
come around, it will be run by your cron job. If you log into your
computer after 7:30, then show_comics will fail to run at 7:30
(assuming the program show_comics uses to check to see if the display
is available failed), and then show_comics will be run by your
.xinitrc file. 

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-c> I<command>

Use the specified command to display each comic instead of the default: 
"nice -19 display".  The command can include the following template
strings: %f - filename of comic; %d - comic directory; %% - translates
to %.  If the command string does not include %f or %d, the comic dir/
filename will be appended to the command.

=item B<-d> I<dir>

Use the specified location of the comics to be displayed instead of using
the default directory: /var/spool/netcomics.

=item B<-D> I<command>

The specified command is used to read the directory of comics instead of
using the built-in perl code for reading a directory accessible via the
computer's filesystem.

=item B<-f> I<filename>

Use the specified file instead of ~/.comics for the list of comics to
be displayed

=item B<-k> I<filename>

Specify the lock file's name.  Default is ~/.show_comics_lock.

=item B<-l> I<hh:mm>

Don't pop up a window and use the specified time as the time to leave.

=item B<-p> [I<cmd>]

Check to make sure the display is available and if not, quit. Optional
argument is the name of the program to use.  A non-zero return code
from this program indicates a failure to open the display. The default
program used is xdpyinfo.

=item B<-s> I<hh:mm>

Specify a time that if show_comics is run before during the day, it will just 
exit.

=item B<-t> I<hh:mm>

Specify the default time to be put in the pop-up window.

=item B<-w>

Wait until the specified start time intead of exiting if the current
time is before the start time.

=item B<-v>
 
Output verbose messages.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over

=item show_comics -w -d \\\$HOME/www/comics -c 'ssh -T user@host display' -D 'ssh -T user@host ls www/comics'

If you have a null-password ssh key pair installed, this will use the
command from the B<-D> option to get the list of comics in the directory
on the remote host, and the command from the B<-c> option and the directory
specified from the B<-d> option to display a comic.  The B<-w> option
tells show_comics to wait until the default start time to actually start
displaying comics if run prior to the start time.

=back

=head1 FILES

=over 29

=item ~/.comics

Contains the a list of comics you want displayed, one per line.

=item /var/spool/netcomics

Default directory where comics and the web page are placed by netcomics.

=item ~/.show_comics_lock

Default lock file used to make sure only one instance of show_comics is run

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

netcomics(1)

=head1 AUTHOR

Netcomics Maintainers <netcomics-maintainers@lists.sf.net>

=cut
